Hi there, this is the seventh issue of reviews
mods for minecraft
today we have for camping mode you
dreamed of always spending in nature
your vacation in this cubic world is
it became possible there is not even necessary
bother and show you a short
because at the very beginning you are issued
such a book in which it is told
basically everything is how to make every bonfire
which a little later and actually how
make a tent yes all craft true here
noticed bogda op op weird why
for some reason will not change the way yes
interesting there is no sky but it remains
just weird okay so we're sick
5 fires proper bonfire
who does nothing at all just
a fire is burning from the stoves which in which
you can cook yourself
6 slots for cooking where to put fuel
and with 6 slots for output also we have
blue fire in which only one
slot for cooking on which as again
He is called that this chamfer kir that is
fast cooking is a fire with two
slots which is prepared from enders
these enders like them and render render
render render render
Ender pearls
so what's going on with my memory
it has two slots and doesn't need fuel
he is very good at that
but I will try to bank at least 4 enders
that's the last bonfire I don't know what he
does because in this book is very
very fine print and read almost
impossible but at least i can't
him open nothing to say in
comments on what to do with it
can we make the tent itself
I want so damn that's actually we can
make a stand and bed put it
bed and quietly sleep here
strange here so well and actually
putting a fire
so we can quietly spend the night so
same in this fashion there
bags they are built from now i will show
what material is actually from
This fabric material are built on
so here but but they are laid out as
stove crafting every subsequent backpack
built exactly the same that is
laying out of cloth like a stove build
but at the same time put the previous backpack
three types of backpack is itself
first small second medium and
big you can oddly enough
put the items here as before
In principle, everything but I also forgot to
enjoy the sweet life you can
craft cotton candy yes where it is and yes and
armor
that's what this mod adds by the way here I am
I fry it then most likely it matter
is well
yes this is for this fire nothing
need he immediately roasts give him and not
need neither fuel just anything right
mouse button now I check even if
Stuckey Come
ladies jarrett and stakami this is very
interesting discovery by the way
it turns out even very profitable to
principle on this all
this was our mod today
thanks for watching the likes
comment to everyone bye